README.md, before:

# React To-Do List Web App

This is a simple to-do list web application built with React, utilizing local storage for data persistence. The app allows users to manage their tasks efficiently by creating, editing, deleting, searching, and prioritizing tasks based on importance. Additionally, tasks can be sorted by completion status, importance, or date and time.

## Features

1. Create Tasks: Users can easily create new tasks with a title and description.
2. Edit Tasks: Existing tasks can be edited to update their title, description, or importance.
3. Delete Tasks: Tasks can be removed from the list when they are no longer needed.
4. Search Tasks: Users can search for specific tasks using keywords, making it convenient to find items quickly.
5. Set Importance: Tasks can be assigned importance levels to prioritize them accordingly.
6. Sort Tasks:

- By Completion Status: Tasks can be sorted based on whether they are completed or not.
- By Importance: Users can sort tasks by their assigned importance level.
- By Date and Time: Tasks can also be sorted based on their due date and time.

## Technologies Used

- React: The frontend of the application is built using React, providing a fast and responsive user interface.
- Local Storage: Local storage is utilized to store tasks persistently in the user's browser, ensuring data persistence across sessions.

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/Edga380/react-to-do-list.git
```

## Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd react-to-do-list
```

## Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

## Start the project:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:5173 to access the application.

Start managing your tasks by creating, editing, deleting, searching, and prioritizing them as needed.

Commit message:

Filter functionality, refactoring, additional features

README.md, after:

# React To-Do List Web App

This is a simple to-do list web application built with React, utilizing local storage for data persistence. The app allows users to manage their tasks efficiently by creating, editing, deleting, searching, and prioritizing tasks based on importance. Additionally, tasks can be sorted by completion status, importance, or date and time.

## Features

1. Create Tasks: Users can easily create new tasks with a title and description.
2. Edit Tasks: Existing tasks can be edited to update their title, description, or importance.
3. Delete Tasks: Tasks can be removed from the list when they are no longer needed.
4. Search Tasks: Users can search for specific tasks using keywords, making it convenient to find items quickly.
5. Set Importance: Tasks can be assigned importance levels to prioritize them accordingly.
6. Sort Tasks:

- By Completion Status: Tasks can be sorted based on whether they are completed or not.
- By Importance: Users can sort tasks by their assigned importance level.
- By Date and Time: Tasks can also be sorted based on their due date and time.

7. Filter Tasks:

- By Completion Status: Tasks can be filtered based on whether they are completed or not.
- By Importance: Users can filter tasks by their assigned importance level.

## Technologies Used

- React: The frontend of the application is built using React, providing a fast and responsive user interface.
- Local Storage: Local storage is utilized to store tasks persistently in the user's browser, ensuring data persistence across sessions.

## Installation

Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/Edga380/react-to-do-list.git
```

## Navigate to the project directory:

```
cd react-to-do-list
```

## Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

## Start the project:

```
npm run dev
```

Open your web browser and navigate to http://localhost:5173 to access the application.

Start managing your tasks by creating, editing, deleting, searching, and prioritizing them as needed.
